Privacy Policy

The PinPin app is built by Looploop ApS as a Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by Looploop ApS and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decides to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

Data Collection
The information we collect from you includes the country you set your device to, the language you use on your device, the type and version of the operating system of your device, and your device model.
We collect no information that can identify you personally unless explicitly stated otherwise.
The app does use a third-party service, Google Firebase, that may collect information used to identify you. See their privacy policy.

Access to Contacts
The PinPin app may request access to your device’s contacts. This access is used solely for the purpose of enabling features such as importing contacts into the app to enhance your experience. We do not store or share your contact information with third parties.

Access to Photo Library
The PinPin app may request access to your device’s photo library. This access is used solely for allowing you to select and use photos within the app, such as associating photos with contacts or other relevant features. We do not store or share your photos with third parties without your explicit consent.

Data Use
Generally. We use collected data for internal purposes only. For example, we may use usage data to improve our app’s overall performance and the service we provide.
We may use and share with third parties, including advertisers, non-Personal Information you provide in using the Services, such as general demographic and location information that does not identify you personally.

Ad Networks. While this is currently not the case, we may work with third-party marketing and advertising companies (“Ad Networks”). These companies may collect and use information about your use of the App and your geographic location to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you.

Standard Analytics Information. We may use, and disclose to third parties, certain aggregate or anonymous Usage Data regarding the App.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
